Taste buds. They come into the mic, talking about the food.
They hate talking about the food they like to, fool's gonna FAPE it.
Only one food Tenby rate, taste buds, man, coming to them. I come shock and say,
taste, bud.
What's up. Tastes buddies. It's the taste buds podcast.
I'm Joe DeRosa of salvo Canada. We're here to debate some food today.
Oh my God. Today we have a humdinger. I can't,
I'm gonna wait. I'm gonna wait till we get to it because we'll,
let's just warm up a little bit first. What's the conversation to two right now.
It's two, two right now, right? Yeah. We've done four episodes you want to?
I want to, okay. And after this episode I will have one, three,
and this is one where I will say you're coming out confident and you have good
reason to be, but these are two heavyweights that we're debating tonight.
It's a heavyweight. It's not really. I took a, I did bed with the peach,
with the peach pie. Should have the cherry pie.
We all said that we all know that. Uh,
I don't know that I would have accepted the challenge we had had been cherry
pie. You still would have won with Apple there's no, no.
One's going to beat Apple. No one, but I do.
I do have an admiration for cherry pie. Well,
we've we don't need to get into it, but here's the point.
It's not always something we hate. It's just our preference. But if we hate it,
it's even better. Yeah.
So I don't want to announce just yet what we're debating today. Okay.
Let's just have some friendly food talk.
We were just talking before we started rolling the, uh, uh,
the concept of bringing food to bed. Oh yeah. I sit in my thirties.
I often brought food to bed and would fall asleep with it.
Now when I was in my thirties, this is what I want to tell you. Yeah.
Every night, not every night, but five nights a week, I would go out.
I'd get hammered with my buddies at a comedy club, whatever we were doing.
And then on the way home, I would get a cheese steak,
sometimes double meat from the deli,
a Nemo's chocolate cake square and a Coke,
you know, and, and, and all, and probably chips.
You see that to me now? And I'm like, Oh my God, my insight.
And I would lay in my bed. I'd put my TV on. I'd lay in my bed. I mean,
it's a feast for a King. Yeah. Just faced and I'd eat it.
I'd get through a lot of it. Okay. Do you want all of it? No,
my go-to us please. Well, first of all, like in oncology,
I worked at a pizzeria as a delivery guy. So at the end of the night,
we didn't throw the pizza and I took it home.
I work working three nights a week, four nights a week.
I used to come home with like two pies and then I just keep it in the fridge.
And whoever came up with the cold pizza, I just lived off of it.
My go-to when I bartended for a long time. And I used to like, come home.
I only place open when like these bodegas or convenience stores, 24 hours.
So I didn't have like really cheese steak available to me and my late night
drunk. Or was it? Yeah, I guess sometimes I was drinking,
but this was my go-to snack. And let me tell you,
I didn't realize how bad it was for me then, but it helped me just pack on some,
some mass, give it to me.
Cream, cheese, everything bagel,
a pint of Tropicana orange juice. Okay. All right.
And the hostess black cupcakes with the white on the ice
cream in the middle, the cream in the middle, but chocolate,
everything chocolate, except the swirl of white with the cream in the middle.
That was my boom, boom, boom.
Like I would go home after a night and I just be like, I can't wait to eat.
Or like I was going to eat a Michelin ranked meal. You look at that thing.
It's often imitated, but rarely duplicated. I haven't had it.
I've even had it like some really like some, uh, bakeries try to make it.
And they don't even make it as good. But although I will say like,
everything else that's topped off in quality. And I don't, I mean,
I don't mean anything shatter, shout out hostess, but.
Uh, look, that's a heavy, heavy carb sugar meal, which I see.
My thing was always like my late night thing, we had the Nemos.
The Coca-Cola I would send a.
Cheese thing and Doritos I would set up. No, no, no.
But I would set up something that felt more like a dinner. Like it was like,
you know what I mean?
Yeah. But you have a heroes, uh, heroes worth of bread. Yeah. Besides the thing.
Surprised at the lack of meat involved in your meetings?
Well, I was, I mean, this was, I was, you know,
four 30 in the morning at the deli. Well, I wasn't,
I wasn't going to have them chop me up.
I was, I'm saying, I'm saying you're more of a sweets kind of guy, I think.
And I was a little more in the direction of, uh.
I dunno, pounding a hot foot, long cheese steak at 5:00 AM. I'm not above it,
but I just think like a nice everything bagel hit, hit the spot a little more.
A little more. Uh, why, why though?
Is it, did she say.
Heavy for you at that time? Right before bed,
right before bed.
You don't have the, you don't have the balls.
It's a bit much. It's going to repeat on me. Of course. I was already going in.
I was already dipping a big toe in with the, with the OJ. I now sleep.
I don't go anywhere. I don't leave my house without a writing utensil. Uh,
a pen or pencil. And Tom, how much OJ? That's just a 16 ounce,
16 ounce. Which by the way, I don't know if they sell those anymore.
You know what my problem with that?
Yeah, no, we'll get to it in a plastic bottle or the cardboard carton. Yeah,
the plastic Tropicana's.
Oh, no, not, I mean, not from concentrate. No. You give me concentrate.
Orange juice. Literally. I'll I'll slap your mother in the mouth. Really? Yes.
Really? You.
Like orange juice. We're going to get to that. It's.
My favorite drink of all time. Although I will say in the last,
in the last five years, I rarely, rarely have it.
Uh, I was also a pizza delivery, man. Okay. And I'll tell you.
I don't know if I said, did I say boy or man, but I just say whenever I say it,
no, cause I was like in college, I was under the, I did a pizza delivery. Boy.
People don't normally say a pizza delivery on a pizza delivery guy.
The face of a man with the heart of a boy. Okay.
Uh, I'll tell you my two greatest offensives uh,
delivering food from the deli pizza slash deli place I worked at.
Oh, there's your problem right there. First of all, what? Scott's yacht.
I'm believable. What do you mean the pizza slash deli?
No, it was a pizza shop that also sold like sandwiches and,
but just Italian sandwiches. And like they would make a Turkey club and stuff.
Like, you know, like, like it looks at a pizzeria, that's all sandwiches pizza.
Was it a sandwich slash pizza place? I worked in both primarily. What was it?
I worked in both. I worked at a pizzeria that was primarily a pizzeria,
also sold cheese steaks and a little bit of pasta and stuff like that.
That's fine.
That's and then I worked in a deli that didn't serve anything but sandwiches.
Okay.
Okay. Because some of these delis try to get away with like,
I see like these places, like the Jersey shore place or whatever,
they'll be like, yeah, we're a sub shop,
but we also make pizza or what have you it's like, you don't really do both.
Well in Philly every year.
Almost every pizza place, village pizza and subs.
Subs. You mean heroes? Right? Hoagies. We call them hoagies.
But you mean eggplant, chicken, meatballs, peppers, and eggs.
Like meatball and cheese.
Chicken, tuna, Turkey club, Italian, Italian, hoagie, Turkey,
hoagie. You know that stuff too. Yeah. I really,
I worked at a pizzeria that like.
Didn't really make like, we might've had a couple of,
but on Staten Island you worked in a pizzeria. Yeah.
We do it different in Philly. Yeah. I'm saying you do it wrong.
We G we do it better.
Okay. Cause you can go into a pizza to, you.
Want to get, you want to, I want to get a hoagie at my favorite pizza.
Why wouldn't.
You want to get a hoagie at your favorite pizza.
Were on an Italian hero. That would be on an Italian menu, but not like a,
you know, I'm not going to go in there and get something that's not like that.
You could only get in like a, a delicatessen.
Well that I'm going to get a roast beef sandwich at my pizzeria.
Here's what I'm offended by right now.
You're talking as if these pizzerias are referring to are,
these are these bodegas that we have here in the fine city.
We live in over there. When you,
I'm not talking about a bodega where you go in and they got a candy bar section
and there, and then a hohos section and then a,
in a coffee machine where I'm talking about,
it's a pizzeria that also makes Sam that's D that's the two things they do
sandwiches. And I'm talking real sandwiches. I'm not talking.
Boar's head sliced and tossed them.
Oh God, let me shout out. Boy's head though. I love Boar's head. Yeah.
Talking about you get a real Italian sandwich. Okay. I don't think, you know,
I mean, I [inaudible] for five years. I did too.
Okay. This is very sensitive territory for me. Okay. Listen, you want in,
you you're stepping on my story too,
because I was just going to tell you a funny story and you felt the need to go
in and take, start taking Shapot shots.
I didn't know you, you told me at the top of this thing,
you got competitive and you said I'm going down. You are, and you set the tone.
You are. I can't. I could be on your side. I could be your ally.
Yeah. It could be your enemy. You want to hear the story? Yes.
My greatest defense is delivery.
Tell me one time for the pizza place. Uh,
somebody ordered fried mushrooms. They were mushrooms in breading. That was it.
And uh, I dropped them on the way to the car.
They rolled out of the styrofoam through an, uh, uh,
an oil stain on the macadam. I picked them up, put them back.
It didn't say anything.
Somebody might be dead on my watch. I don't even know.
I can't even laugh at it. I'm mortified.
That means that, that means that it's happening to everybody. Because if you,
if you're out there other people like you are out there. I mean, I wouldn't,
I would have, I mean, I would have went back to the place and be like, look,
I dropped it. You know.
I didn't, I couldn't face getting screamed at, but oil stained.
Oh, Oh guys. It's okay. It was just a stain, you know,
like on a parking lot. Uh, no, no. I know on the ground we were,
so we were so behind and I was already getting grief from my boss.
I know. I know when you're in the weeds, you don't want to go back. I'd done it.
I, I, I w I had bad events. I would take like,
sometimes when it was just dinners and not pizzas, or even pizzas, but dinners,
we put it in like the cheese boxes, like,
and so we'd have like a carrying case and I'd like,
go to get in the car and go to put the thing on the roof, then open the car.
And then at one time, I, one time I put it on the roof, got in the car,
drove to the place. Then I got there. I knew where I was going.
And I looked in the car and I was like, Oh my God, I didn't right.
I forgot to bring the food. So I'm like, Oh my God,
I gotta go all the way back and come back and I'll be late.
So I'll just get in my car and I just drive back. But as I'm driving back, um,
there's a two lane highway, uh, street over the expressway.
And so you go back one way and you come back the other way and I'm driving.
And I see just like, like Burt Hawks, seagulls,
just in the middle of the street, just descending down like 15 birds.
And I'm looking at Trav and I go, that is the people's entire meal.
It was on my roof. And it fell off over there. And by the time I got back,
they attacked it.
Because my second offense was the same thing.
You left it on the roof club sandwich from the deli, drove off,
saw the styrofoam fly off of my roof in front of my windshield.
It tumbled opened up on the ground. Okay. Now,
now the sandwich stayed in the styrofoam, but it was, it was disasters
you, by the way, beep that this was a place. I said effort earlier to a beep.
It, uh, this was a place where you really got screamed at, like, if you like.
But there's also a matter of public seat.
Health case. So what I did was I picked it up.
I reassembled the sandwich would touch the ground. It did touch the ground.
I fixed the sandwich. I close on your hood. No, no, no.
The container hit the ground, but the sandwich stayed in the, like,
it never came out of the container. So I fixed a sandwich in the street.
I closed the container. The container has now black scuffs on it.
And I see my hand to God, gravel stones are stuck in it.
And then I'm picking out I deliver it,
but I was delivering to a business. So the lady that who was four,
like she didn't get it. Like I left it at the front desk and then.
The money was there. Uh, I leave it. I think I got away with bloody murder.
I drive back. I walk into the deli and my boss looks at me and he goes,
what the hell did you do to that club sandwich?
They called,
I'll tell you. I told her, I told this story at a podcast.
Um, I don't remember where I bought, uh,
the worst thing I ever did in the only time I ever did it here,
I am giving you guff. Um,
I had a lady that used to order the same thing,
every like every couple afternoons. And when you had a day shift,
it was already slow and she owes your daughter on my day shift. Uh,
and she lived, I was gonna say the address. I want me to say the address.
And she ordered a regular slice,
a Sicilian slice and a can of Coca-Cola classic. And it was four 95.
Okay.
And every day I would deliver it to our two slices in a paper bag with a can of
Coca-Cola and ring the bell. She takes forever to get to the door.
And then when she got to the door, she'd open the door and like, be like, Oh,
Hey, how are you? Am I good?
And I would give her it and she'd give me exactly four 95.
She wouldn't give me a $5 bill. Even she would give me four 95.
So she didn't tip me a red cent. And it was annoying.
And I just didn't like her. And she had a,
she had a treadmill in our house and all she did was hang her clothes on it.
Right? Yeah. Full disclosure. So I was like,
this is not happening for like months. And one time I got so upset with her.
So what'd you do? All right.
So one time I go, that was a deep silence.
You just gave you listen to something real bad.
One time I go there and she gives me a Manila envelope, like the big ones,
like a letter size. And she goes, I'm so sorry. Um,
I looked around and I didn't have, uh,
like I didn't have the money and I didn't couldn't find the bills.
So I just put it like in change. And she goes here and she goes,
but I did put something in there for you. She said those words,
exactly like that. She was just something in there for you.
I'm holding this thing. It's five pounds. It's it's it feels like,
like three pounds. Excuse my cursing. Again, three pounds,
three pounds. I open it.
It's only pennies only. So I said, do you know why?
Because my boss used to be a delivery minimum. So he's not,
I'm not getting hung out to dry, but he would,
he wouldn't enforce it with this woman. Right. So I'm like,
now I'm going to show my boss, her true colors. Yeah.
So I go and I walk up and I'm walking around, I'm in the envelope.
He's standing behind the counter.
And I walked out of the counter under the sign and he goes, what's that?
And I open and I just, don't 500 pennies on the couch.
I dropped down to pennies on the counter and he goes, what is that? And I go,
it's the lady you make me deliver it to everyday. They've never tipped me.
And he goes, I've never, he goes, I I've, I've never in my entire life. And my,
this entire business run ever seen anything like this in my life. I go,
I told you, and then I start to count that he's like, don't count it.
And he goes, I'm going to tell, I'm going to call her on the phone.
I'm going to say, we're going to return it back. I can't use this money.
And just to pay me when she has it. Okay. So he gets on the phone.
He tells him I counted it just because I want to see. Cause she said,
there's something in there for you. Right? Four 95. There was 500 pennies. Yeah,
I know. And it's a shame. She left me five. I let it slip.
Let's slip early. You blew it early. That's a shame. I haven't told the story.
That's okay. No, I know. I let it go. We can beep it then.
And then you can act like you can, now this whole thing's going to be beat.
All right. Yeah. 500. So I didn't tell you what I did. Oh,
what'd you do next time she ordered what'd you do?
I thought you were going to say like.
You spit in the pizza. Oh you did.
I didn't reveal that you're giving me.
It's only did it once only to this woman.
Only once I never did anything like that. You got cast deep.
These curses, you got cast or motor oil in your friends. Turkey.
That was under the gun. That was different. I didn't do it maliciously. I know.
But you still did it. You made it, you made it.
You knew what happened and you still proceed.
Spit in somebody's food. When somebody doesn't tip you,
you walk away muttering you're dirty under your breath.
I never would have spit in her food, but when she tipped me five pennies,
it was the break. Gotcha. I just,
you could go to jail for that. That's a [inaudible]. That's why I'm joking.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's why I'm joking.
Whatever the statute is, your pads who.
I am. You're right. I am right. I spent right enough food, but I never did it.
I would never do that. I mean, look, you're talking to the,
I am a pillar of excellence at every job I've ever done. I've taken some,
I go the extra mile, go out of my way, bend over backwards customer always.
Right. I teach, I taught my staff that when I,
and I had it when I had my own place, never in my life,
have I ever even peripherally visited that dark place in my mind,
this woman was so annoying.
And then when she just hit me five pennies,
yet I've already had delivered to our house. 50 times.
She had something on your boss. She was, there was something I don't know.
But I, my golf would be my boss ever sees this man. Cause I, I feel like I I'm,
I, by selling it, I'm letting him down because I really take everything really.
Like I really work like w when I do my job, no matter what it is,
I try to really, really, I know. I know. And so look here,
we all having a moment, right?
I'm sharing this moment with people I'm sharing with, listen,
this is vulnerable. I am ashamed of it. Yes. Would I do it today? No,
I wouldn't do it today. Um, do I feel like I could have done it again? Uh,
I mean, do I feel like I was justified back then now? It's probably never,
I have.
A clean bill of health. She's fine.
I just, I, should I be ashamed right now? No. No,
because I'm judging you.
Because it's fun to judge, but everybody is going to judge me now.
At 18. Who cares? Yeah. Yeah. That's okay. I believe 18 is an adult.
It's fine. I wouldn't worry about it.
You think you're the first pizza got to spit in some ladies?
Probably not, but now, you know, you know, once you spit now,
all of a sudden I'm the guy that does that.
You're not the guy that does that.
I don't think anybody's going to think that you're the guy that does that.
It's crossed my mind. And I've been in the food service industry, my whole life.
That was the only time.
Ever.
Probably did something like that. Along the line, somewhere.
Passive aggressive is giving me a Manila envelope with 500 pennies on it.
She's saying, going out of your way to.
Why now she's a lineup. She was a lunatic. So she thinks of five senses,
not a sight.
Right? She's not saying talking as if you're dealing with the, you know, the,
the, the secretary of state or something it's alluded to. Okay. Okay.
Well then, well, how do you feel about what I did then?
I don't have a problem with it. It's just more fun to be judgmental. I mean,
I think this guy would understand a podcast work by now. Yeah.
Let's agree on everything.
I do understand. That's why I'm doing it. I'm thinking of in deep here,
I'm giving it.
I'm giving you stuff to bounce off. I'm bouncing, babe. I'm bouncing,
but let's get to it because I don't want to run out of time.
I want to get to the debate that you are going to.
We might be like 20 minutes in already. Yeah.
You wanna talk about a lunatic? You want to talk about a crazy person.
Here's one right here. Here's a debate.
Get ready to launch it on the Twitter folks.
We're ready for this debate. Best classic ice cream flavor,
chocolate or vanilla tweet done. It's out.
Why don't you tell the fine people? Which side.
I'll can tell you right now, chocolate as a flavor. I love it. I'm a chocoholic.
I'm addicted to chocolate.
I wished chocolate didn't exist because chocolate is put a lot of mass on my
body. Personally. I love chocolate and a lot of different iterations.
And I do not even mind chocolate ice cream flavors.
Into this justification. When you.
Go head to head and an ice cream flavor, chocolate versus vanilla,
I go vanilla 10 times out of 10, without a doubt.
I don't think the chocolate really does itself justice in an ice cream
flavor. It's like ice creams version of chocolate.
Whereas with vanilla, I think ice cream does vanilla a service.
I think it elevates vanilla. The bean, the Madagascar vanilla bean.
But once it elevated, it's a flavor that nobody needs elevated.
Don't get me wrong. I'm not talking about,
I'm not going to the places you go to get your ice cream. Okay. I go,
what do you, what are you buying.
Scream? You bought it for me.
And I wouldn't have touched the vanilla in that shop.
Listen to me, Vanessa. I think I, and I, and you know what you,
you in here and you think you're going to dominate with chocolate just because,
because chocolate should be the favorite right now because chocolate in,
in other iterations is a thing.
But I think you're going to be surprised at the people that,
that come together for, for a vanilla.
Ice. Oh, go ahead. I'm sorry.
No, I just, I just think you're discrediting how good a good,
a good vanilla ice cream is better than a good chocolate ice cream.
You're you're insane. Okay. Nope.
Just like a vanilla shake is better than a chocolate shake. You're not,
you are insane. If you think you're nuts, a vanilla shake of a chocolate shake.
That's insane. Chocolate shake has nothing.
I believe a vanilla shake dominates chocolate shake.
Even more than vanilla ice cream dominates chocolate ice cream itself,
but it's the same week. It's the same argument.
We wouldn't have another episode for it. Okay. Okay.
Now maybe we can add though. Maybe we should have an addendum to this episode.
I not for a full episode, but I just want to piggyback even right now.
Let's go shake as well. Right now. We'll do two poles. No, no, no, no.
Let's save, shake. Let's save. Shake. Let's save, shake. Well, I think this,
this poll is going to be a good indicator as to what to shake poles.
Don't worry about it. You're getting ahead of yourself. Okay.
And you're getting in your head. So you're not letting me put my argument. Okay.
Well I've just finished speaking. I'll debate. Okay. Okay. You ready for this?
Nobody in history in the history of ice cream has walked into an ice cream shop
and said, can I have a vanilla cone, please? Nobody, you get vanilla ice cream.
What are you going to do? You dump hot, fudge all over it.
You put it in a coup in a pretzel classic with, with chocolate,
whatever magic shell on it.
You put it inside a conduct by Klondike bar because it cannot carry water on
its own. No chocolate ice cream. Give me a big bowl of it.
I'll eat it straight down plain. By itself reason,
you put it with everything else is because vanilla elevates every other thing
and is so versatile that it compliments everything you want to throw in it.
You don't do that with chocolate because chocolate is Elizabeth.
This just doesn't need it. Overpower anything. Doesn't need vanilla compliments,
vanilla compliments, every other ingredient, chocolate overpowers,
every other ingredient, vanilla ice cream is the millennia trumps of ice cream,
useless, but looks good next to something else. That's what it is.
That's what it is. And I don't mean that in a sexist way,
something that you called not good,
made it to first lady of the United States.
So what she had to do to get there, all right, what is it?
I don't even know what that means. Trump look with vanilla.
Vanilla has to Trump itself to get onto my plate. It's got a,
it's got to put a very good, I gotta be honest, like,
like give me a beautiful,
like variation of a chocolate bar from light to dark chocolate gives me, uh,
a beautiful fudge, a mousse. Even I'll take a chocolate pudding.
I love chocolate. I love chocolate candy. I love it.
But as an ice cream look,
every picture it's with something else. That's cause it's amazing. No,
it's the high,
the classic Hoggin does dip chocolate with almond is vanilla based.
The classic chip, which is vanilla based.
The classic flying saucer is vanilla base.
Chocolate cookie dough goes with vanilla cookies and cream.
It goes to a vanilla, an ice cream sundae. You usually use vanilla.
We're talking ice cream versus ice cream.
You would never eat a bowl of vanilla ice cream by itself.
I don't know who you are and where you came from, but what you just said,
I makes absolutely no sense. It's all I've done my entire life.
And a couple of moments ago,
you said Colin would ever walk into an ice cream shop and say,
let me have a vanilla cone. Well,
I don't know list how you were in the ice cream shop,
but I bet you dollars to donuts. Fine with me if you were a month ago. Great.
Okay. And I bet you, if we sit there two seconds longer,
someone come in and say, I'll have a vanilla cone out of your mind. Okay?
Right. All right. You're out of your mind. You're out of your mind.
Let me tell you what Neapolitan looks like when I throw it away.
All vanilla still in there, all vanilla.
That's ridiculous. And you're not even,
you're not even embracing what the Neapolitan's about,
which is a bite of different flavor. In every bite. I look at it.
Vanilla actually really like strawberry ice cream as well.
I'll tell you what I like strawberry ice cream.
That's fine. That's not the debate though. And that's not decide you chose.
You chose. You had a chance.
You could have chose that and maybe had a chance at winning this.
Nobody is picking don't scream over chocolate ice cream.
Chocolate wins. It's not better.
But you're saying I have no chance of winning this.
I think you're going to be surprised when it comes to ice cream,
how many people will pivot vanilla. Okay.
I'm telling you there's something about just a rich, creamy, smooth,
vanilla tastes.
Sometimes chocolate tastes like processed manufactured chocolate.
If you're not going to a really artismal spot.
Sometimes anything case like that, what kind of argument?
Soft serve you go vanilla. Chocolate, chocolate. You're bat crazy.
And I'll go mix. I'll go.
Mix sometimes, but I'm not going vanilla. Are.
You nuts? Nuts. You're nuts. Come on, man. Get outta here.
Rainbow sprinkles on a chocolate cone. What do you associate?
I don't use sprinkles. What do you Jimmy's? No, I don't. I know it's a waste.
Sprinkles are a waste. Yeah.
Like whip wrinkles are always like whipped cream. Cream is a waste.
Now you see now where he's coming from in his whole entire argument,
a man that thinks sprinkles and whipped cream are a waste.
What are you baiting me about ice cream.
What do you get out of sprinkles?
Aside from the fact that it tastes like you put plastic on it.
Top of your ice cream. I know where you're getting your sprinkles. Oh please.
I get, I get, uh, I get a burst,
a colorful burst of energy and flavor and fun texture. Yeah.
Look fine. Okay. If you want to argue that they add text.
Look at it. Look at a cone that is doused in, in, in rainbow sprinkles.
It is fun. You said, what do I get? It's fun. It's vibrant.
It runs down the vanilla and it dies. The vanilla, all different colors,
which makes it even more fun.
And then you bite into it and you get the texture versus the creaminess.
Can I go on about sprinkles?
I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll tell you what I do. I'll get a chocolate cone.
Chocolates are served with chocolate sprinkles out of spite.
I'll do it out of spite.
Rainbow sprinkles. Aren't vanilla sprinkles.
So that spite analogy does not work.
No I'm saying I'm going to double up on the chocolate.
I'm going to get chocolate sprinkles on top of chocolate sauce.
I don't not like chocolate ice cream. Does that make sense?
[inaudible] but, but, but when you put it against vanilla, I'm sorry.
Sorry. You like these foods. I like vanilla icing better than chocolate.
You like these foods that have to be added into things.
This is what was your recording?
Vanilla. Venice was your Oreo.
Della bean is a beautiful superior item. Deserves to be a.
It's a food. You think it's a food? I'll say nobody thinks of vanilla is.
I'll say Ella is vanilla is in everything, food. Okay.
Vanilla like cream soda. It's just the most disgusting soda on planet earth.
So it is delicious. Mark it down.
Versus Watteau versus versus what.
I think cream soda is the most disgusting soda I drink to ever exist.
And if you think it's delicious, we got a nice debate.
Right? Cream soda is terrific. It's the, do I take something over it?
I mean all like health aside, I like root beer probably better.
I also like a black cherry soda better, but I don't really drink.
These things will work. We'll work. We'll work it out later,
but I'm telling you you'll think it's delicious.
I had like a burger at a and w with an ice cream soda,
I think hopped off the truck with a cream soda.
I think cream soda oil is the most disgusting drink to ever.
Exist. What about dumdums lollipops cream soda.
Speaking Japanese over here.
I think it's the most disgusting soda to ever drink.
Beverage Andre prune juice. Before I drink cream.
You got a, you got, uh, you got some deep rooted issues with some of this stuff.
I don't understand what it is.
Not deep rooted. It's I, I have, I have taste buds and my taste buds.
Don't like certain things. And I'm telling you a cream soda stinks.
Now what I love to do with vanilla, I make myself a bowl, ice cream.
I did this since I'm a kid. You talk about how I like a vanilla shake.
A lot of that is scoop of vanilla in the milk and all the other stuff.
And so I get my ice cream. I just let him out. I just let it melt.
I look at it and I desire it. And I build up the excitement.
I'm going to have it, but I wait until it's melted. As a matter of fact,
to speed up the process, I put the spoon in and I go like this.
And then it gets w w w I such a whip. It,
it gets lighter and lighter and lighter and lighter until it becomes basically
an ice cold vanilla soup. And then I,
and I sip the vanilla ice cold vanilla liquid off the spoon. No, what?
I don't do that with chocolate.
No human being on earth does what you just described. Your,
my sister did it well, look to tell you, we all did it.
What you just described sounds.
Well, you don't like when the ice cream melts,
if you're eating out of a pint and the edges get really liquefied and melty
first, when you, instead of the center.
When you, you don't go to the side with your spoon and pull up the
[inaudible] like a hobo would do on Thanksgiving. Like that would be a hobos.
Thanksgiving meal is he would go, Oh boy, we're going to eat tonight.
And he would melt his ice cream now.
And then pretend he was eating a fancy suit. Here's something,
here's something I don't agree with with you.
You don't like to eat foods and try foods in different ways.
I put a cop out to the food,
which I think is one of the complex variations of the finding.
It's one of the benefactors of what you could do with the food.
I could eat ice cream, hard. I could eat ice cream soft. I could twist an Oreo.
I could not. And you're like, well, if you got a twister.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're, you're, you're,
you're confusing things here. I do like to eat foods and different variations.
I do appreciate it.
But when we're talking about the raw base quality of one food versus the
other, and,
and you have to rely on the variation of that food to win.
No, no, that's not a better. I was letting my, my vanilla melt,
relying on a variation to when I'm saying everything, almost everything.
You said so far about vanilla ice cream.
When I go every time I have no ice cream,
that has to be paired with something that's you and you, but by point is,
as you said, because it's awesome because it's great. Yeah.
It's because it's two weeks raises up. No, it's not.
It raises up all the other ingredients. It enhances everything vanilla.
Do you know what the ingredient is? Singing in the vanilla.
You raise me up so I can stand on
mountains.
So, so here's my thing. If, if I said to you, uh,
a steak is the best meat, all right. And you went. Yeah. And I, and I said,
you know, I love steak, uh, with cheese, I love steak with barbecue sauce.
I love to say.
It's kind of like, well, steak, maybe isn't the best meat.
Because every time you say you like it, you got to put something on it. Okay?
You are so full of crap. Why?
Because the only two of the only times we had this argument is right now with
the vanilla. You're the one who said, every time I have to have it,
I put something on it. I've never had to say that. I said, I eat it plain.
I see many people who played, but I said,
the reason people do that is because vanilla goes with everything and it
uplifts everything. Then you are making that. My argument, why vanilla is good.
That's not what I said. You said it. And when I said, Oreo,
adding cheese to a steak or this to a steak is not the same thing as choosing to
eat my Oreo cream first twist or not twist you as you're applying,
it's just the Oreo. I'm just eating the main ingredients.
I'm just deciding how I want to eat it.
And you're saying that somehow makes it a negative thing.
I think it's a positive,
but I could eat an order of your arguments was the Oreo.
Was that you put them in milk and drank them. Okay.
Another, another hobo meal that you do don't understand. You're right,
Joe. You're right. I am. I am out in the hobo city, Duncan cookies and milk.
Nobody, but hobos dunks their cookies and milk. That's me.
And I should just have I put all my cookies in the Bendel and I just.
It's clear. It's clear. We are going to come nowhere near, even by the way,
dunking. Listen, we'll get to it, Don. We'll get to it. Yeah. W w we will,
we will, we will get to it obviously.
And we are not going to come anywhere near agreeing. We are at Wella time.
So let's go to the polls. Let's see. Let's see what they.
Be honest. You know, you're a pig, just like Apple pie. Chocolate is King,
but I don't know right now you're going to be surprised backpedal now going to
be surprised. Okay, here we go.
Here we go. Woo. Okay.
Right now we have.
Hold on. Who's some eating humble pie though.
Right? Our segment has come the humble.
This is the humble pie segment where somebody's got to eat some humble pie.
And it's because he got to the white. It's funny. Uh,
so when I say humble pie, uh, what do you, what do you think the percentage.
Going to be? Don't pull it up yet.
I think it's going to be a slaughtering with chocolate in the wind.
I think chocolate is in the 80 percentile, somewhere in the eighties.
That's what I think. Okay.
So as of right now, we have, uh, 2,500 votes and,
uh, we have a winner.
Okay.
It's closer than that. Okay. I told you that it would be okay.
Right now we have 56 to 44%, which is,
which is relatively close.
I think we said that as if something closed out on a pole within 2%,
it could have a rematch. So we're near rematch territory,
but it's God vanilla, baby. You son. I told you,
I called you. I told you 2000,
you got vanilla in the lead. You didn't want to listen.
This is the biggest upset we've had.
So far chocolate had every right to win because people I told you,
when it comes to vanilla people, when it comes to ice cream,
people change their palettes. I take change it.
People like in generally like vanilla ice cream, more than chocolate ice cream.
They'll look at your big powerhouse.
Your 80% powerhouse is in the 43.
Now 43.9 to 56 point once reached out to the rest of my
baby, eat the pie.
I ate the humble pie. No, this is a huge assumption. Don't just go.
This is don't just go to them yet. Don't just go to them.
You got to give this it's respect because this was, this is an upset. This is,
this is one of the biggest substance we ever had, but not to me because I knew,
I knew.
I knew that people love vanilla ice cream,
vanilla ice cream is more popular than chocolate ice cream.
Even in stores, vanilla based items are more popular than vanilla.
I'm telling you vanilla is King. When it comes to ice cream, it was a,
this something misconstrued.
It says best classic ice cream flavor and big surprise.
The tenderloins fan club agreed with Sao. I think they know what you like.
They are. Oh yeah.
I've been watching your TV for 12 years and at least once a season, I go,
I talk about vanilla ice cream. I'm sure it's come up before. Oh my God. I mean,
Joe, it's 2,500 votes, not one person.
You're looking at the 10 Lawrence van club cook. I mean,
it's 20 by just take the kicking.
Let's read them. Let's read them. Go ahead.
That's just an upset. I'm upset. I'm angry. This is ridiculous. I'm angry.
Vanilla is just boring. Says somebody's always got to pick the winner.
Always default. We're going to pick the best comment and the win.
We're going to pick the best comment. We actually, people, we got a week.
If people need to know about that because we're doing it. But then.
All right, always.
Vanilla or soft serve, twist vanilla hands down for me.
Vanilla has so much range of V and beautiful
subtleties thinking. Vanilla is plain is a new sense of taste.
Vanilla makes all of your baked goods better. It is the salt of sweets.
Vanilla even makes you chocolate better. Anyway, vanilla ice cream, all the way.
Vanilla pene, goats. Oh, she just said, I'm going to say,
I said, don't scroll. You said it. Let me tell you. I have,
I have a connection to the people to listen to this pocket.
That was basically my entire argument. She just summed up in her tweet.
I got a shout out. I'm going to wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No,
we only shout out the winter, the winter. I will say this,
but honestly that is a great, I will say this. She has my back.
For winter already. Unless somebody tops that that's the winter. Yeah.
That's the winter response, but, but don't shout her out just yet. All right.
Let's keep going.
Has more add on opportunities.
You can only add so much to chocolate and still be good. Vanilla is endless.
Sing it, sisters and brothers,
because this is what I was telling you didn't want to listen to me.
Maybe you'll listen to the people.
I've never listened to the people, which is why I'm where I'm at in my career.
Sure. How about this one? This is, this is insightful. This is insightful. Yeah.
Chocolate is my favorite. But vanilla goes with everything. So vanilla wins.
You can't, that means chocolate wins. If you say chocolate is your favorite,
then that means chocolate wins. That's a ridiculous. This is the only right.
Answer is vanilla, vanilla bean specifically. And by the way,
look over and over Mike, you can see it over and over again, the same argument,
but you can put vanilla with so many things. So what, so what?
You can put salt with so many things. I don't want to eat a bowl of salt.
How is vanilla beating chocolate with a Britney Spears? Conf confusing.
Gift for Jeff.
Nobody knows ever chocolate is my favorite, but vanilla goes, Oh,
you already read that one. Rocky roadmap people.
Once you see these episodes, you'll know we're making this request.
Don't tell us a third thing. It's not cute. We don't, we don't. Yeah.
Vanilla.
Chocolate Rocky road. Nobody wants the other,
this guy is doing his own jokers in the middle of our food pole,
obviously vanilla. And if you say chocolate,
you had dropped off Joker's poll at 57% on his own Twitter feed,
which surprise DIA, uh, obviously vanilla. And if you say chocolate,
you were dropped on your head. All right. Y'all are fake.
Chocolate is the only right answer. Only,
also vanilla has for most of its short commercial history, involved child labor.
Where's the pistachio button. All right. Our winner.
Vanilla is just boring. Let's shout out our winter ice cream is effing trash,
and I will fight people to death on this.
Shout out our winner, that, that woman,
that one spa shout out to the spa.
Gooner she's you can follow her at, at babe gorgeous. Babe. Look,
she's even got babe in the title at babe gorgeous, babe. Uh,
and she won with, with the, I mean.
God, that's a, I mean, it's just,
we didn't have anyone that really it's usually the winner is someone that
[inaudible] has the biggest laugh so far,
but this one is just such a well-rounded out.
It's an efficient argument contained in one tweet.
I think it really she's right. She's right about everything she said,
I might get this tattooed on me. This is, and let's just, just,
just for good measure. Let's just make sure what that vanilla is still winning.
Yeah, it is. I mean, it's 55 45 now, but it's 3000 votes.
This one hurts. I'm not going to lie when he gets upset by a false one,
predicting 80 20. This was.
Here's the thing I'm I'm aggravated.
Right now. Yeah. This was the first debate.
To where, and I don't know if you could feel it, Mike,
there was some real venom. There was some real venom in this one. Uh,
there was some real, it was, it was getting heated. So I'm, I'm,
I'm upset about this one. So let's end the episode
And move on to the next episode, which I'm going to win.
Uh, plugs, plugs.
Uh, and then the sign off. Yeah. Is that answer before plugs? Oh,
that's right before. Well, if it is, look, I know this was,
I know there was some animosity here today, but I still love you.
I love you too.
All right. All right. Taste buddies. Uh,
if you want to hear even more of me debating things, uh,
I have a news podcast to do a Korean Fisher. It's called without a country.
Get it at the gas digital network,
use promo code WAC for a free month of S to their
subscription, uh, and all their shows and also Pat Walsh.
And I do a podcast where we review movies called we'll see you in hell and get
new episodes@patrion.com slash w S Y I
H pod cast. And, uh,
the back catalog is wherever you get your shows.
Yes. And any, and all dates that I do on the road will be at salvo, kennel.com.
Uh, and, uh, yeah, I mean,
actually the shows are going to be back on TV soon, but if you're a,
if you're a buddy, are you also a baby?
Cause I got a podcast with Krista Stefano called, Hey, babe. Uh,
also on this channel. So if you haven't checked it out, check that out as well.
And uh, that's it. We are, we've got a hot one next to right. Stay tuned.
So you come into the mic, talking about the food,
they hate something about the food they like to, fool's gonna fight,
but only one food Tenby right. Taste buds, man. You didn't come into them.
I can talk and say buds, if you don't want your purse, they'll take your pay.
Stub. Taste does taste buds put on your spruce,
make sure that lay stuff. What does that have to do with it?